## Component Testing
The component that we tested to make sure it worked correctly was the hobbyInfo class. This class contains the info for the calendar events and current hobbies. The way we tested this to make sure it was working with the rest of the app was feeding it mock data before we tested its other methods. We used its internal add methods to make sure everything was working for this class before we implemented it in the other parts of the app. This made sure to tell us if the class was working so we could tell if problems down the line in the app were caused by the class or were problems implementing it into the app and not problems with the class. We thought it was a good idea to choose mock data to test the internal methods so that we would know what was going in and look to make sure the output matched what we gave the methods.

## System Testing
To test the system, we tried to go about the app as a user would. We started by logging into the app, creating a new user and trying to log in with an incorrect username and password to make sure everything worked as expected. When we could verify that it did, we moved onto the main app and made sure the different functions like the selector, timer and calendar worked as expected. For the timer we started and stopped it to make sure it was saving the times to the calendar. For the calendar we made sure that you could add new events to it and that they were displaying correctly. And finally, we tested the selector by changing what hobby was selected and making sure the rest of the app updated when that was changed. Since updating us a core part of the app.

## Acceptance Testing
We were not able to implement all our user stories, but the ones we were able to implement we used our acceptance criteria to tell us what we needed to test to make sure that it was working. 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 9 were not implemented. 3, 6, and 8 were implemented into the app. The acceptance test for 3 was to make sure that hobby activity appeared on the calendar. We tested this by adding an event to see if it showed up. The acceptance test for 6 was working on the design theme to make it simple and trying to view it as a user would. And finally, the acceptance test for 8 was running it on the devices we had available to make sure the app would run.
